                             	 
				 Java Interview
								 
		Link:https://youtu.be/ddnI8oNvztw						 
								 
	Q1:Basics concepts of oops?
    Ans:In java basically four main pillar of oops
        1.Encapsulation
        2.Polymorphsiam
        3.Inheritance
        4.Abstraction
       by following these concepts we can create real world entities and here method can 
       reuse so by this we can maintain the security .
	   
   Q2:what the mean of plateform independent?
   Ans:Plateform Independence means that we can write and compile the java code in one 
       plateform(eg windows)and can execute the class in any other supported plateform
       (eg Linux,Solaris,etc).
 
    Q3:How to converted byte code?
    Ans:java source code is converted into bytecode file by the translator named compiler
       .the byte code file gets name with .class extension and javac(javacompiler) is the
        tool to compile the .java file.

    Q4:can byte code running on any system?
    Ans:yes

    Q5:What is the basics difference c and java?
    Ans: In c we learn about the basic programming procedure and 
         in java its object oriented programming .

     Q6:What is object oriented and  programming  procedure?
    Ans:In object oriented we create object and related to its datamember and class and 
        using methods functions.
		
        In programming procedure we learn about basics about programs and their procedure.

     Q7:Java is procedure based or Object oriented based.
     Ans:Java is object oriented based.

     Q8:What is primitive data types?
     Ans:In primitive data types in such kind of data structure the data of only one 
         type eg: integer,float,character.


     Q9:What is Inheritance?
     Ans:In Inheritance inherit the parents class property by child class.its done by extend 
         keyword.In java five types of Inheritance but java does't support Multiple Inheritance
		 and Hybrid Inheritance
         1.Single Inheritance
         2.Multiple Inheritance
		 3.Multilevel Inheritance
         4.Hierachiel Inheritance
         5.Hybrid Inheritance

     Q10:Any example of Inheritance
    Ans:class Doctor{
	        void Doctor_Details(){
			System.out.println("Doctor Doctor_Details.....")
			}
	        }
        class Surgeon extends Doctor{
		    void Surgeon_Details(){
			System.out.println("Surgeon Details....")
			}
			}
        public class Hospital{
		  public static void main (String[] args){
		  Surgeon s=new Surgeon();
		  s.Doctor_Details();
		  s.Surgeon_Details();
		  }
		  }

     Q11:What is the difference between multiple inheritance and multilevel inheritance?
     Ans:Multiple Inheritance is the 

     Q12:what is the keyword used to distinguish between interfaces and inheritance?
     Ans:In interfaces we use implements and in inheritance we use extend keyword.

     Q13:Can implements multiple interfaces plus.
     Ans: yes

     	 
						