                                     Java Interview
	Link:
    
    Q1:What is the difference between Stringbuffer and Stringbuilder?
	Ans:Stringbuffer is Synchronized and thread safe Stringbuilder
		    is not syncronized and thread safe.
			
    

    Q2:Four pillers of object oriented programming.
   Ans:Abstraction
       Encapsulation
       Inheritance
	   Polymorphism
	   
    Q3:Difference between abstraction and interface.
   Ans:Abstraction                            Interface
      Abstract class can have abstract     Interface keyword is used to create Interface
	  and non abstract method.              
	  
	  Abstract class can't support          Interface supports multiple Inheritance
	  multiple Inheritance.
	  
	  Abstract class can have final          Interface have only final and static 
	  and non final                                   variables.
	  static or nonstatic variables.
	  
	  Abstract class can be extended by      Interface can be implemented by implement
	  using extend keyword                    Keyword.
	  
     
	   

    Q4:What is the difference between Arrays and collection?
   Ans:Arrays :Arrays are fixed in size
               It can hold only homogenous datatyped elements.
               There is no underlying data structure for arrays and hence 
			   readymade method support is not available.
			   
	Collections:collection are growable in nature i.e based on our requirment
	            we can increase or decrease the size.
				It can hold both homogenous and hetrogenous datatyped elements.
				In collections class is implemented based on some standard data
				structure
				hence readymade method support is available for every requirement
                	  

    Q5:Why abstract class has constructor but interface has not?
   Ans:An interface is a complete abstraction of class.All data members present in the 
       interface are by default public,static,and final.All the static final fields 
	   should be assigned values at the time of declaration.

    Q6:Can we create an object of abstract class?
   Ans:	No
   
    Q7:Difference of overloading and overriding
   Ans:overloading:In method overloading one class extend by another class it
       overriding:
   
    Q8:What is constructor?
   Ans:Constructor is block of codes similar to the method.It is called when an instance
       of the class is created.At the time of calling constructor,memory for the object
	   is allocated in the memory.
   
   Q9: Can we overload the constructor?
   Ans:yes
   
   Q10:Can we override the constructor?
   Ans:No
   
   Q11:What is the difference between data hiding and abstraction?
   Ans:Data hiding:outside person can't access our internal data directly are our internal
       data should not go out directly its data hiding.
	   
	   abstraction:hiding internal implementation and just highlate the setup service we
	   are offering is the concept of abstraction.
   
   Q12:What is difference between string and string buffer?
   Ans:String is immutable class.String buffer is mutable class.
       In String is slow and consume more memory.String buffer is fast and consumes less
	   memory .
	   String class overrides the equals()method of object class.
	   String buffer class can't overrides the equals()method of object class.
   
   Q13:What is the mean by immutable?
   Ans:Immutable means unchangeable.
   
   Q14:How to define immutable class?
   Ans: declare the class use final so it can't be extended
        make to all fields private.
   
   Q15:How many ways to restrict to the user to create object?
   Ans:Five ways to create object
       1.new operator
	   2.newInstance()method
	   3.clone()method
	   4.Serialization method
	   5.Deserialization
   
   Q16:How to restrict user to create child class object?
   Ans:
   
   Q17:In java which class is root of exception hierchy?
   Ans:object
   
   Q18:What is difference between final and immutablity?
   Ans:Final : if a class final we can't extend that class.if a method is final then we
       can't override that method.if a variable final then we can't reassignment for that
	   variable.
	   
	   Immutabality
	   
   
   Q19:How many wrapper class are their?
   Ans:In java their are 8 wrapper class are their.
   
   Q20:What is the default value of boolean wrapper class?
   Ans:False
   
   Q21:What is exception?
   Ans:Exception is unwanted and unexpacted events occurs and disturb the normal flow of 
       execution it is exception.
	   
  Q22:What is the difference between exception and error?
  Ans:Exception are caused  by our program and these are recoverable
  
  Q23:What is the difference between checked exception and unchecked exception?
  Ans:checked exception: are those exception which are checked by compiler to
       
  
  Q24:
   