                               Java Interview
							   
	Link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CPALfja9U14&t=693s

    Q1:What is the difference between string and stringbuffer?
    Ans:String is immutable class.String buffer is mutable class.
       In String is slow and consume more memory.String buffer is fast and consumes less
	   memory .
	   String class overrides the equals()method of object class.
	   String buffer class can't overrides the equals()method of object class.
   

    Q2: What is the difference between final key and finally key?
    Ans:Final: Final is the modiefier applicabe for classes methods and modiefiers
		    if a class declared as final we can't extend that class 
		if a method is final then we can't override that method is in the child class.
		if a variable is declared as a final then we can't perform reassighnment for that
		variable.
		
		Finally:Finally is a block always associated with try catch to maintain cleanup code.
		

    Q3:how many ways we can use finally with try block?
	Ans:many ways to 
	
	Q4:How many ways we can inheritance in java?
	Ans:It has 5 types
		 1.Single Inheritance
         2.Multiple Inheritance
		 3.Multilevel Inheritance
         4.Hierachiel Inheritance
         5.Hybrid Inheritance
    

	
	Q5:What is the difference between abstract method and default method?
	Ans:
	
	Q6:How can we create threads in java?
	Ans:
	
	Q7:When we extend what the method we override?
	Ans:
	
	Q8:Where the thread start?
	Ans:thread class we have to override a method called run method provide them their own
	   logic we call it
	   
	Q9:Can we start method two times?
	Ans:No
	
	Q10:What the purpose of synchronized block?
	Ans:It is piece of code to accessed by one thread at a time.
	
	
	Q11:What about synchronized method?
	Ans:
	
	Q12:Have you work on any desighn pattern?
	Ans:
	
	Q13:How many ways to break the singleton method?
	Ans:Multithrading 
	
	Q14:What are the new features introdues in java 8?
	Ans:In java 1.8 version has stream api and Lambda expression,Functional Interface
		    Optional Class.
	
	Q15:What is functional Interface?
	Ans:functional interface is which interface those contain only one interface
	    it is used to invoked the lamda expression.
		
	Q16:What is the purpose of default method?
	Ans:In default method we can't override parents class method in child class
	     and implementation will be used.
		 

    Q17:What the exception order in catch block?
	Ans:
	
	Q18:What is the difference between arraylist and link list?
	Ans:In ArrayList frequent operation is retrieval
	    In LinkList is the best choice for insertion and deletion
		
		In ArrayList is worst for insertion order
		In LinkList is the worst choice for frequent operation
		
		In Arraylist data structure for ArrayList is resizable or growable Array
		In Linklist data structure is DoubleLinked List
	